                       typing 

sheet - printout sheet , full explain and content sheet . 

intro - (nice intro then only people will watch it for 1/2 hr)   , 2-3 minute nice motivation like intro . 

the video not only just plain explanation - but 80% edit - like videos or imagery of what i am telling , and behind it my voiceover . 

why to learn 

its very easy - people think ki its like from childhood computer nerd but i learned in 3 months . and anyone can . 

then why only a few people can do touch typing - because of its learning curve - (very hard in beginning and you can bearly learn thing , but leter you learn at a high speed ) - put a video of wolf of wall street - in the starting - after 3 months - smile . 

explain the solution - so to learn it you have to put helf-1 hr per day consistenly and follow this sheet . i made this sheet so that it will be easy for you people . 

sheet - print , explain connect sheet keep it in desktop.

i was researching about touch typing leaning and there is no meaningful content or roadmap available . so to help my peers and people who wanna learn - i put my time making this . 

feel the bump - this is the way to put the hands , and this is how to move fingers and what finger is for what key tell and also put a pic of that behind the sheet .



accuracy > speed 

practice is the key .

very hard in start but dont give up .
(starting may mushkil hoga but in badme meetha fal bhi milega)

2 month daily 1/2 - 1 hr 
(months pass by , if you started 2 months earlier then today you would have learned it . 2 months is not a big deal , and time passes by and 
nothing is left in hand - except you learn something or build something , rest all time is wasted , no outcome . )

how to place hand 

sheet full explain and show doing . 

typingmaster last may do ....

draw on sheet (in beginning part)

practice by hand ki konse letter kaha hai with respect to each finger 

for revise - 5 min do these sonma , or paste this revise code on money type 

later quick revise - quick brown fox  

c++ game - paste on online compiler .










try on prem for accurate sheet . 
see start sonma can be done by anyone , but later how you gonna actually teach them .. like very hard i know in the typing.com time when i was like 20 wpm . 
think nicely full ciriculam - how 0 to 50 wpm - 
genuinely think 

see all writings - book , this doc , content doc , think , 
websites , ....

see yt par vedios and chap vaha say all basics .. put hand .. etc stuff ...


sheet - (nice design and block for tick everyday)

(no boring sheet , nice font(human written) and bold , some nice image or emoji\

make aisi ki like half-1 hr daily people can do . 
